Fix exemplars being added to gauge metrics in the prometheus exporter (#5912)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Global MeterProvider registration unwraps global instrument Observers, the undocumented Unwrap() methods are now private. (#5881)

> - `go.opentelmetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus` now doesn't try to add exemplars to Gauge metrics, which is unsupported. (#5912)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus` trying to add exemplars to Gauge metrics, which is unsupported. (#5912)
```
